New config module (#5)
cloudposse/terraform-opsgenie-incident-management: modules/config/README.md

## Config

> A Terraform module that configures a multitude of [Opsgenie resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/opsgenie/opsgenie/latest/docs). Many resources have cross-resource dependencies, which may be simpler to handle within a single module in certain cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Terraform module that configures a multitude of [Opsgenie resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/opsgenie/opsgenie/latest/docs). Many resources have cross-resource dependencies, which may be simpler to handle within a single module in certain cases, such as using YAML configurations.
```

> This module is designed to accept an input configuration map that is generated by parsing resource definitions in YAML. See below for details & examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is designed to accept an input configuration map. One nice way of handling this by passing resource definitions from a YAML configuration file. See below for details & examples.
```
